tests/video_processing/readme.md, before:

> Reference: [Detecting objects in videos and camera feeds using Keras, OpenCV, and ImageAI](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/detecting-objects-in-videos-and-camera-feeds-using-keras-opencv-and-imageai-c869fe1ebcdb)

## About

Using the neural network YOLOv3 to recognize images on a `mp4` video.
Download the YOLOv3
https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/ImageAI/releases/download/1.0/yolo.h5

## Dependencies

Install using `pip3 install <dependency>`

- `tensorflow`
- `numpy`
- `scipy`
- `opencv-python`
- `pillow`
- `matplotlib`
- `h5py`
- `keras`
- `https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/ImageAI/releases/download/2.0.2/imageai-2.0.2-py3-none-any.whl`

## Recognizable objects

person, bicycle, car, motorcycle, airplane, bus, train, truck, boat, traffic light, fire hydrant, stop_sign, parking meter, bench, bird, cat, dog, horse, sheep, cow, elephant, bear, zebra, giraffe, backpack, umbrella, handbag, tie, suitcase, frisbee, skis, snowboard, sports ball, kite, baseball bat, baseball glove, skateboard, surfboard, tennis racket, bottle, wine glass, cup, fork, knife, spoon, bowl, banana, apple, sandwich, orange, broccoli, carrot, hot dog, pizza, donot, cake, chair, couch, potted plant, bed, dining table, toilet, tv, laptop, mouse, remote, keyboard, cell phone, microwave, oven, toaster, sink, refrigerator, book, clock, vase, scissors, teddy bear, hair dryer, toothbrush.

Commit message:

Add mp4 files on gitignore list

tests/video_processing/readme.md, after:

> Reference: [Detecting objects in videos and camera feeds using Keras, OpenCV, and ImageAI](https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/detecting-objects-in-videos-and-camera-feeds-using-keras-opencv-and-imageai-c869fe1ebcdb)

## About

Using the neural network YOLOv3 to recognize images on a `mp4` video.
Download the YOLOv3
https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/ImageAI/releases/download/1.0/yolo.h5

Also, download any mp4 video so you can use it to be processed.
> Please, do not commit the video files into the repo.

## Dependencies

Install using `pip3 install <dependency>`

- `tensorflow`
- `numpy`
- `scipy`
- `opencv-python`
- `pillow`
- `matplotlib`
- `h5py`
- `keras`
- `https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/ImageAI/releases/download/2.0.2/imageai-2.0.2-py3-none-any.whl`

## Recognizable objects

person, bicycle, car, motorcycle, airplane, bus, train, truck, boat, traffic light, fire hydrant, stop_sign, parking meter, bench, bird, cat, dog, horse, sheep, cow, elephant, bear, zebra, giraffe, backpack, umbrella, handbag, tie, suitcase, frisbee, skis, snowboard, sports ball, kite, baseball bat, baseball glove, skateboard, surfboard, tennis racket, bottle, wine glass, cup, fork, knife, spoon, bowl, banana, apple, sandwich, orange, broccoli, carrot, hot dog, pizza, donot, cake, chair, couch, potted plant, bed, dining table, toilet, tv, laptop, mouse, remote, keyboard, cell phone, microwave, oven, toaster, sink, refrigerator, book, clock, vase, scissors, teddy bear, hair dryer, toothbrush.
